Updating screenshots (and descriptions) in 2.3 manual (#360)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/user_interface.rst

.. figure:: ../_static/2.3/mixxx-interface.png
   :align: center
   :width: 100%
   :figwidth: 100%
   :alt: The Mixxx interface - Latenight skin
   :figclass: pretty-figures

   The Mixxx interface - Latenight skin

This is the Latenight skin. It is the default skin supplied with Mixxx 2.3. There
are a variety of other skins included with Mixxx. You should explore them all
to figure out which one you prefer. This section will focus on Latenight only.

.. _interface-skin-settings:

Section Skin Settings
=========================

  .. figure:: ../_static/2.3/skin-settings-top.png
   :align: center
   :width: 500px
   :figwidth: 90%
   :alt: The section expansion buttons
   :figclass: pretty-figures

   The GUI section quick toggles buttons in the top tool bar

If you click on either :guilabel:`WAVEFORMS`, :guilabel:`4 DECKS`, :guilabel:`MIXER`, :guilabel:`EFFECTS`, :guilabel:`SAMPLERS` or :guilabel:`MICS & AUX` then you will enable control sections for interacting with:

* :ref:`interface-waveform`
* :ref:`interface-decks`
* :ref:`interface-mixer`
* :ref:`interface-effects`
* :ref:`interface-sampler`
* :ref:`interface-mic`

You can also use the specific :ref:`appendix-shortcuts`.

>   .. figure:: ../_static/2.3/skin-settings-right.png

Author: Is 'Settings' a guilabel: ?

>   .. figure:: ../_static/2.3/skin-settings-right.png

Reviewer: In some skins it is, in others it's just a Gear icon ([U+2699](https://www.fileformat.info/info/unicode/char/2699/index.html), but IIRC we can't use Unicode chars because it breaks the PDF builds.

>   .. figure:: ../_static/2.3/skin-settings-right.png

Reviewer: Click the :guilabel:`SETTINGS` button or gear icon (depending on the Skin) to open the skin settings menu where you find common basic controls as well as some skin-specific options."

   RJ Ryan <rryan@mixxx.org>
   S.Brandt <s.brandt@mixxx.org>

> .. figure:: ../_static/2.3/deck-sections.png

Reviewer 2: I will explain this in full length in the LateNight blogpost, but it should at least be mentioned here because when users hide the mixer the decks will by default switch to medium decks to make the feature somewhat discoverable.

order to make :term:`beatmatching` easier, as it is possible to beatmatch
visually by aligning the beats that appear in each waveform.

.. figure:: ../_static/2.3/latenight-parallel-waveform.png
   :align: center
   :width: 100%
   :figwidth: 100%
   :alt: Mixxx default skin (Deere) - Parallel waveforms
   :figclass: pretty-figures

>    Mixxx default skin (Latenight) - Parallel waveforms

Reviewer: Let's not cram that into this PR.

>    Mixxx default skin (Latenight) - Parallel waveforms

Reviewer 2: Sorry? I'm talking about one descriptive sentence here
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5934199/110714136-56efc900-8203-11eb-81c4-ed97ae111778.png)
which can easily be distilled from https://manual.mixxx.org/2.3/en/chapters/djing_with_mixxx.html#intro-and-outro-cues
"Intro/Outro Markers: indicate boundaries of the intro and outro sections and show their durations."
No big deal IMO

>    Mixxx default skin (Latenight) - Parallel waveforms

Reviewer: ok, I misunderstood.

  +0.0%, which indicates no change.

**Temporary Pitch/Rate buttons (Nudge)**

>   Pushing the diagonal arrow buttons is like nudging the metal edge of

Reviewer 2: just an idea:
what's your opinion on using these characters? like the `+` `-` signs below
🡴 🡶 or  🡼 🡾

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28389950/112435186-7800ff80-8d55-11eb-9785-c88f9e886185.png)

I don't understand these last 2 symbols .... but the + and - buttons look good :) We should should def use those instead.

Reviewer 2: leaving this open for reference

  +0.0%, which indicates no change.

**Temporary Pitch/Rate buttons (Nudge)**
  Pushing the diagonal arrow buttons is like nudging the metal edge of
  a turntable, or the outer edge of a CD player. It will give the track a push
  or pull forwards or backwards. If the buttons are released the previous tempo
  is restored. The buttons can act as either a fixed :term:`pitch bend` or a
  :term:`ramping pitch bend`.

**Pitch/Rate buttons**

>   The minus button will set the pitch/rate lower while the plus button will set the pitch/rate higher.
>   These buttons, unlike the temporary pitch/rate buttons do not need to be held down. Clicking
>   on them sets the pitch/rate higher or lower for as long as the track keeps playing.

Reviewer 2: the change persists even after the track is ejected (unless configured otherwise in the preferences).
```suggestion
  Clicking the :guilabel:`-` button will set the pitch/rate lower while the :guilabel:`+` button will set the pitch/rate higher. This is like moving the pitch slider up or down by a fixed amount. Unlike using the temporary pitch/rate buttons, the change is permanent so these button s don't need to be held down.
```

*Hamster Style*. To adjust the crossfader to your style of mixing, go to
:menuselection:`Preferences --> Crossfader`.

> The crossfader orientation sets the channel's crossfader orientation.
> It can be set to the left-side, right-side or center of the crossfader and it is unaffected by the :term:`crossfader`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :term:`crossfader` orientation determines to which side of the crossfader the deck is assigned.
It can be set to the left or right side, or to the center where it is unaffected by the crossfader knob.
```

Headphone and Master Mix Controls
---------------------------------

> .. figure:: ../_static/2.3/headphone-and-master-mix.png

Reviewer 2: Here and everywhere you encounter it:
please change `Master` to `Main`

Author: These references raise warnings during Sphinx build. Will they be the exception?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28389950/111478697-5d210080-8741-11eb-914b-2002862e7a63.png)

Reviewer 2: Sorry for not beong clear emough: I referred to all occurrences of MASTER labrls in the mixer and maybe also for Fx units (if those ate included in this PR, too)
main-sync has no GUI label yet, it's - if at all- in some tooltips
